hello there ladies and gentlemen welcome
back to the West Gail I am your host as
always Nicolas Blackie today we're going
to be stepping on a little bit of
Breckinridge bourbon whiskey this is
made from Breckenridge Colorado it's
actually one of the highest whiskey
distilleries in the world there's a
beautiful little bourbon whiskey but
what's interesting about this bourbon is
the actually the Rye content right
content for the smash bell is up at 36
percent which is unusually high for a
bourbon a interesting thing about this
distillery is that actually using
snowmelt from the Rocky Mountains for
the dilution water so when it comes to
the mining process to bring the alcohol
strength down there using the snowmelt
and to actually use that to bring the
proof down it's at 43 percent alcohol by
volume using the snow melt these guys
are saying that the mineral content is
also allowing it to maintain a very very
viscous very oily very buttery take of
mouthfeel and actually being claimed to
agree with him I don't know how much
it's got to do with this snow melt and
actually the quality of the spirit to
start with but without any further ado
let's go right into the nosing and
tasting of this beautiful little dram so
on the noise is some beautiful beautiful
nosing whiskey this is probably 2 or 3
years old
it doesn't declare an age statement on
the bottle but lets get this kind of
buttery popcorn fall through this lovely
kind of wash this vanilla
what about toffee and then right in the
back end just this beautiful kind of
rich papery sweetness obviously the the
rye content they're having a huge
influence on that paper you know on the
palate
holy hell this is a spectacular thalaaq
of whiskey really quotes the mouth
you get this really parroting Linus at
the front then in the breath that's
beautiful can a wretch luscious orc I am
shocked
the best rescues two or three years old
honestly I would put make this
compatible with sex seven and eight
little Bourbons that I've had it's a
beautiful little drop where worth adding
for the West here car I hope you enjoy
it great when you're going skiing okay
when you're just sitting back and
enjoying a dram slash over your very
good health
Cheers